Update python.md with correct propagation defaults and behavior (#19105)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/python.md

: The service name to be used for this application. The value is passed through when setting up middleware for web framework integrations like Pylons, Flask, or Django. For tracing without a web integration, it is recommended that you set the service name in code ([for example, see these Django docs][4]). Available in version 0.38+.

`DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_INJECT`
: **Default**: `tracecontext,Datadog`<br>
Propagation styles to use when injecting tracing headers. For example, use `DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_INJECT=Datadog,B3` to inject both Datadog and B3 format headers.

`DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_EXTRACT`
: **Default**: Value of `DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_INJECT` (`tracecontext,Datadog`)<br>

> Propagation styles to use when extracting tracing headers. When multiple values are given, it uses the first header match found. The order of matching is based on the order of values given. For example: `DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_EXTRACT=B3,Datadog` will look for `B3` headers first, and will only use `Datadog` headers if those are not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Propagation styles to use when extracting tracing headers. When multiple values are given, it uses the first header match found. The order of matching is based on the order of values given. For example, `DD_TRACE_PROPAGATION_STYLE_EXTRACT=B3,Datadog` looks for `B3` headers first, and only uses `Datadog` headers if those are not available.
```
